=head1 NAME

HTtapTP - tools supported Test Anything Protocol over HTTP


=head1 DESCRIPTION

This tool arose from

=over 4

=item * some ad-hoc tests which loaded with JavaScript into an HTML table

=item * the need to write some more tests with a similar interface

=item * a Perl-world preference for TAP

=back

=head2 The plan

=over 4

=item * generate TAP from CGI scripts

While continuing to allow them to run directly under F<prove(1)>

=item * load and parse the TAP in the web browser

=item * display neat green / red output

=back


=head1 CAVEATS

=over 4

=item * Some parts of the TAP spec are not supported.

TODO tests look like failures.

=item * The global $SIG{__DIE__} shows up internal stuff in some code.

https://rt.cpan.org/Ticket/Display.html?id=75390

L<Test::More/plan> C<skip_all>

=item * API is missing, to unify @ARGV and CGI params.

Best to not use either?

=item * No standard mechanism to enumerate tests remotely.

The first application of this has CGI to enumerate tests and
webservers, assume the set of tests is the same elsewhere, and draw a
2D grid.  It is internal.

=item * Various issues with CORS.

http://enable-cors.org/

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

Matthew Astley C<< <mca@sanger.ac.uk> >>


=head1 COPYRIGHT

This project includes source code installed from

=over 4

=item * L<http://requirejs.org/docs/download.html>

=item * L<https://npmjs.org/package/tap-parser> and other NPM modules

packaged by L<http://browserify.org/>

=item * L<http://jquery.com/download/>

=back

which have their own copyright statements and are currently in
F<htdocs-devmode/ext-js/>.  The remainder of the code is

  Copyright (c) 2013 Genome Research Ltd.
  Author: Anacode team

  Any redistribution or derivation in whole or in part including any
  substantial portion of this code must include this copyright and
  permission notice.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
  CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
  TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
  SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  This code is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
  Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
  your option) any later version (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.txt).

=cut
